Paolyta-B
I was out of water.
Black pool water is really dirty
and can clog filters badly.
I use a Sawyer filter and two water bags
Evernew 2-liter bags.
The trick: use an adapter screw
to coupling filter with bags,
and set up gravitational filtering
instead of squeezing.
Hang it and let gravity work -
very dirty water becomes relatively clean.
Drinkable without boiling.
At least I had not any stomach difficulties
due to drinking bad water.
I tried various filters
Katadyn BeFree
is useless for high mountain trips in Taiwan,
it clogs terribly.
but the best is  biggest classic filter -
Sawyer SP129.
Just remember to flush it in reverse
with clean water after each trip.
And don't let your filter freeze - put it
in your sleeping bag during winter nights.
Same with electronics -
keep your phone and any batteries
in your sleeping bag too.
but put it in airplane mode
to preserve the battery.
NO MORE BAMBOO!!
huh?